Part 0:
	Data to find:
		Environmental impact
			Carbon footprint
			Others (?)
		Quantified policy
			Subsidies/taxes
		Price of fuel inputs
Part I: Model
	What are we modeling?
		Relevant data:
			irrelevant_sources = ["Asphalt and road oil"]
			* For each sector, for each source, how much consumed
			* For each sector, for each source, price
			* For each source, how much produced
			Predicted based on:
				- Population
				- GDP
				- Price of fuel input
				- Policy (?)
		g(relevant data) -> environmnetal impact (real number)
		Summary
			For each source, f(produced, sum over sectors of how much consumed), rendered in pie chart, where f is to be determined.
			Cleanliness per price
			Env. impact per person
			Env. impact per dollar
			https://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/pdf/sec2.pdf

		Model how it has evolved from 1960 to 2009
			Predict some data in terms of causal variables
			Along with time, money, GDP, etc.
		Determine why each state's energy profile is the way it is
		Order the states
		Predict energy profile in 2025, 2050
		Do this by identifying causal variables
		And making a model to predict causal variables in 2025, 2050
Part II: Goals
	Make targets for renewable energy
	Determine three specific actions for achieving this goal
	
Part III: Letter
	Write about state of 2009 energy profile
	and predictions for 2025, 2050
	and recommendations for policy change/specific actions

Variables:
All petroleum products consumed by the commercial sector.
All petroleum products consumed by the electric power sector.
All petroleum products consumed by the industrial sector.
All petroleum products consumed by the residential sector.
All petroleum products consumed by the transportation sector.
Fossil fuelS, total consumption.
Biomass total consumption
Direct use of geothermal energy and heat pumps in the commercial sector.
Direct use of geothermal energy and heat pumps in the industrial sector.
Direct use of geothermal energy and heat pumps in the residential sector.
Geothermal and solar energy consumed in the residential sector.
Geothermal energy and hydroelectricity consumed in the commercial sector.
Geothermal energy total consumption.
Geothermal total end-use consumption.
Hydroelectricity produced by the electric power sector.
Hydroelectricity produced by the end-use sectors.
Hydroelectricity produced in the commercial sector.
Hydroelectricity produced in the industrial sector.
Hydroelectricity total production.
Photovoltaic and solar thermal energy total consumption.
Photovoltaic and solar thermal energy total end-use consumption.
Plant condensate consumed by the industrial sector.
Electricity total consumption (i.e., sold).
Renewable energy production, other than fuel ethanol.
Renewable energy production.
Renewable energy total consumption.
Resident population including Armed Forces.
Real gross domestic product.
Current-dollar gross domestic product.
Energy production by source by killowatt (I'm still confused)
Electricity produced from geothermal energy by the electric power sector.
Electricity produced from nuclear power by the electric power sector.
Electricity produced from nuclear power.
Electricity produced from photovoltaic and solar thermal energy by the electric power sector.
Electricity produced from wind energy by the electric power sector.
Electricity produced from wind energy.
Amount spent per killowatt
Electricity consumed by (i.e., sold to) the commercial sector.
Electricity consumed by (i.e., sold to) the industrial sector.
Electricity consumed by (i.e., sold to) the residential sector.
Electricity consumed by (i.e., sold to) the transportation sector.
Electricity consumed by refineries.
Electricity price in the commercial sector.
Electricity price in the industrial sector.
Electricity price in the residential sector.
Electricity price in the transportation sector.
Total energy average price in the commercial sector.
Total energy average price in the industrial sector.
Total energy average price in the residential sector.
Total energy average price in the transportation sector.
Total energy average price.
